document diagnostic logger (#2945)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/configuration/options.mdx

</ConfigKey>

<ConfigKey name="diagnostic-level" supported={["dotnet", "java", "android", "dart", "flutter"]}>

> Simply enabling `debug` mode makes the SDK generate as much diagnostic data as possible.
> Sometimes you want to lower the verbosity of the Sentry SDK diagnostics logs.
> With this setting you can control that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling `debug` mode makes the SDK generate as much diagnostic data as possible. However, if you'd prefer to lower the verbosity of the Sentry SDK diagnostics logs, configure this option to set the appropriate level:
```

> - `debug`: **default** The most verbose mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `debug`: **default** The most verbose mode
```
